# 2IP90 Assignment 5 CBL

## Worse Ice-Cream

We decided to replicate a beloved video game _Bad Ice-Cream_ in our own style. We have the player, our ice cream who can move left, right, up and down on the board. His goal is to collect all the coins (fruit) on the board in the given time limit without getting caught by a monster. To help him reach his goal, the ice cream can create and destroy ice blocks which can help him block the monster from reaching him.

<ins>Sources:</ins>
1) [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started)

3) [Timer](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/javax/swing/Timer.html)
  
### How to play
After running the code, a start menu opens up with two buttons: _Start Game_ and _Exit_. If the player presses exit, the window will close. If the player clicks on the _Start Game_ button, the game starts. On the window there are watermelons, which represent coins that the player, the ice cream, can collect. The player moves using the arrow keys (up, down, left, or right), and with each collected coin, the coin counter in the bottom left corner increases by one. In the bottom left corner of the window, there is a timer that counts down from 2 minutes until it reaches 0, and if that happens and the player didn't collect all the coins yet, the player loses the game and a window pops up with the message _Time's Up! You ran out of time!_ with a restart button that lets the player restart the game. There are also green monsters that moves up and down on the board, and if the player gets caught by any of them (they stand on the same block), the player loses, and a message _Game Over! You were caught by the monster!_ pops up on a new window with the option to restart the game. On the board are blue squares, which represent ice blocks that are obstacles for both the player and the monster because they can't move through them. If the player clicks the ESC button on their keyboard, they pause the game (everything stops, including the monster and the timer) and get a pause menu with a message _Game Paused_ and two options: _Resume_ and _Restart_ the game. If the player decides to resume the game, it continues like nothing happened. If the player uses the space button, they enter a _build mode_ where, using the arrow keys, they can choose where to spawn an ice block and then the ice cream spawns a block of ice in the chosen place or, if there is already a block of ice there, then it will remove it. Neither the player nor the monster can move through those blocks, just like other ice blocks on the board. If/when the player collects all the coins (before the time limit and isn't caught by the monster), they win the game and get a pop-up window saying so.
